Need to close a batch (#1804)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/run-jobs-batch.mdx

![This diagram illustrates jobs submitted in a batch.  It shows five jobs, numbered 0 through 4, in a queue. The jobs are a mix of Estimator and Sampler.](/images/guides/batch.png 'Figure 1: Batch execution')

## Open a batch

You can open a runtime batch by using the context manager `with Batch(...)` or by initializing the `Batch`
class. The batch starts when its first job begins execution.

**Batch class**

``` python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import Batch, Samplerv2 as Sampler, Estimatorv2 as Estimator

backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False)

> batch = Batch(service=service, backend=backend)

Reviewer: We are also deprecating the `service` parameter, since we can infer the service if `backend` is an object.

estimator = Estimator(mode=batch)
sampler = Sampler(mode=batch)
batch.close()
```

**Context manager**

The context manager automatically opens and closes the batch.

``` python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import Batch, Samplerv2 as Sampler, Estimatorv2 as Estimator

backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False)
with Batch(service=service, backend=backend):
  estimator = Estimator()
  sampler = Sampler()
```

When you start a batch,  you must specify a QPU. This can be done by specifying its name or by passing a `backend` object.

**Specify a QPU by name**

``` python
service = QiskitRuntimeService()
with Batch(service=service, backend="ibm_sherbrooke"):
    ...

> ```

Reviewer: Passing a backend by name is deprecated.

**Pass a `backend` object**

``` python
backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False)
with Batch(backend=backend):
  ...
```

<span id="specify-batch-length"></span>
## Batch length

> You can define the batch's maximum time to live (TTL) with the `max_time` parameter. This should exceed the longest job's execution time and be within the QPU's limits.

Reviewer: But this page never talked about what maximum TTL is.

Author: > But this page never talked about what maximum TTL is.

Tried to clarify that in the recent commit

``` python
with Batch(service=service, backend=backend, max_time="25m"):
  ...
```

There is also an interactive time to live (ITTL) value of 1 second that cannot be configured.  If no batch jobs are queued within that window, the batch is temporarily deactivated.

<span id="close"></span>
## Close a batch

A batch automatically closes when it exits the context manager. When the batch context manager is exited, the batch is put into "In progress, not accepting new jobs" status. This means that the batch finishes processing all running or queued jobs until the maximum TTL value is reached. After all jobs are completed, the batch is immediately closed. You cannot submit jobs to a closed batch.

``` python
with Batch(service=service, backend=backend) as batch:
    estimator = Estimator()
    job1 = estimator.run(...)
    job2 = estimator.run(...)

# The batch is no longer accepting jobs but the submitted job will run to completion.
result = job1.result()
result2 = job2.result()
```

> If you are not using a context manager, manually close the batch.  If you leave the batch open and submit more jobs to it, it is possible that the maximum TTL will be reached while it is trying to process a job; causing that jobs to be canceled. You can close a batch as soon as you are done submitting jobs to it. When a batch is closed with `batch.close()`, it no longer accepts new jobs, but the already submitted jobs will still run until completion and their results can be retrieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using a context manager, manually close the batch.  If you leave the batch open and submit more jobs to it later, it is possible that the maximum TTL will be reached before the subsequent jobs start running; causing them to be canceled. You can close a batch as soon as you are done submitting jobs to it. When a batch is closed with `batch.close()`, it no longer accepts new jobs, but the already submitted jobs will still run until completion and their results can be retrieved.
```

## Open a batch

You can open a runtime batch by using the context manager `with Batch(...)` or by initializing the `Batch`
class. The batch starts when its first job begins execution.

**Batch class**

``` python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import Batch, Samplerv2 as Sampler, Estimatorv2 as Estimator

backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False)
batch = Batch(backend=backend)
estimator = Estimator(mode=batch)
sampler = Sampler(mode=batch)
batch.close()
```

**Context manager**

The context manager automatically opens and closes the batch.

``` python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import Batch, Samplerv2 as Sampler, Estimatorv2 as Estimator

backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False)
with Batch(backend=backend):
  estimator = Estimator()
  sampler = Sampler()
```

When you start a batch,  you must specify a QPU. This can be done by specifying its name or by passing a `backend` object.

**Specify a QPU by name**

``` python
backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False)
service = QiskitRuntimeService()
with Batch(backend=backend):
    ...

> ```

Reviewer: Specifying a backend name is deprecated.

  sampler = Sampler()
```

When you start a batch,  you must specify a QPU by passing a `backend` object.

Example:

``` python

> backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False)

Reviewer: Do we really need this section? The 2 code snippets right above already show you need to pass in a `backend` object.

Author: good point
